[Merged by Bors] - New Druid landing page (#360)
stackabletech/druid-operator: docs/modules/druid/pages/usage-guide/index.adoc

= Usage guide
:page-aliases: usage.doc

The usage guide covers various aspects of configuring Druid and interconnection with other tools.

> xref:usage-guide/deep-storage.adoc[], xref:usage-guide/ingestion.adoc[] and xref:usage-guide/resources-and-storage.adoc[] are the relevant pages to configure how your data is stored and ingested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:usage-guide/deep-storage.adoc[], xref:usage-guide/ingestion.adoc[] and xref:usage-guide/resources-and-storage.adoc[] are the relevant pages for configuring how your data is stored and ingested.
```
